Adding environment variables (#72)
HackYourFuture-CPH/node.js: deployment.md

### Adding environment variables

- Go to `Settings`. Click `Reveal Config Vars`. It will have the format of: `mysql://{user}:{pass}@{host}/{database}`

> - Exactly like the `.env` file add the same environment variables. The `DB_PORT` should be 3306, and the 'API_PATH' should be '/api'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exactly like the `.env` file add the same environment variables. The `DB_PORT` should be 3306, and the `API_PATH` should be '/api'.
```
